---
layout: post
title: Week 2 Code of Conduct
---

##  What is Code of Conduct?
A Code of Conduct is a set of guidelines that defines expected behavior within the community of contributors, users, and maintainers. It ensures that **everyone—regardless of background—feels welcome, respected, and safe** while collaborating on a project.

## Code of Conduct for GO
Like many other open-source project, [Go Programming's Code of Conduct](https://go.dev/conduct) is based on the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct/), one of the most widely adopted Codes of Conduct in open-source projects.  It is designed to create a welcoming, inclusive, and respectful environment for contributors of all backgrounds.
<!--more-->
However, they differ slightly in their philosophy, structure, enforcement, and scope. The Go Code of Conduct is built on "Gopher Values," emphasizing patience, thoughtfulness, respect, and collaboration. It encourages members to interpret others' actions in good faith and promotes a self-regulating environment where contributors are expected to engage in constructive discussions with mutual respect. In contrast, the Contributor Covenant takes a more formal and structured approach, explicitly defining acceptable and unacceptable behaviors. It includes strict guidelines on harassment, discrimination, and misconduct, ensuring that community members adhere to clearly stated ethical and professional standards.

## Python's Code of Conduct
[Python's Code of Conduct](https://policies.python.org/python.org/code-of-conduct/) was forked from the example policy from the Geek Feminism wiki. It includes a strong anti-harassment policies, emphasizing diversity, fairness, and zero tolerance for discrimination, applying not just to GitHub interactions but also to real-world events and conferences. Also, it is different from other code of conduct that it applies to both online & offline events.

## Electron
[Electron's Code of Conduct](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) was adopted from Contributor Covenant v2.0. It enforces strict community guidelines to prevent toxicity. It states several explicit consequences of violation with temporary ban and permanent ban.

## Sugar Lab
[Sugar Lab's Code of Conduct](https://wiki.sugarlabs.org/go/Sugar_Labs/Legal/Code_of_Conduct) had different structure and layouts from the previous ones because it was based on the [Ubuntu Code of Conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/ethos/code-of-conduct). Sugar Labs places a stronger emphasis on collaboration and learning, while the Go CoC focuses on professional discourse, unlike the Contributor Covenant that enforces inclusivity with clear disciplinary actions. Also Sugar Labs emphasizes constructive resolution and educational support rather than focusing on strict penalties or legalistic enforcement like Contributor Covenant does.