---
layout: post
title: Week 3 Group Browser Extension
---

## Idea of the Project
Our project is called [Meowtivation](https://github.com/ossd-s25/Meowtivation), which is an open-source MIT-licensed browser extension designed to provide motivation to students studying by allowing them to simply click on the extension and be greeted with an inspiration cat gif.
- README file: We stated the instruction of installation for the users including how to set up the API key
- Code of Conudct: Our Code of Conduct was adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version 2.1. 
- License: We use the MIT Licsense.
- Contributing: Besides the instructions of issues & pull requests and setting up the environment, we included a roadmap for the project.

## What did I learn
This project marked my first hands-on experience with Git operations, and I’m incredibly grateful that my team members guided me through the fundamentals. They not only taught me the basics of Git but also explained why version control is essential in development. As part of our group browser extension project, I created the repository using the terminal and set up all the necessary files. Through this process, I learned how to navigate Git commands efficiently on both the terminal and VS Code, which has greatly enhanced my confidence in using Git.

Beyond version control, this project gave me a clear understanding of the entire process of building a Chrome extension. Since this is my first open-source project, it was also my first deep dive into collaborative development in an open-source environment. This experience has been invaluable in helping me become more adept at both Git operations and open-source contributions.

